-Give them back!
Your father must've come too, right?
Where is he?
Where is my future father-in-law?
He must be busy.
I think he's too busy to come.
I see.
Are you upset about that?
It's all right.
Oh Gwang-tae is here for you.
Mom!
My goodness, I knew she'd be so shocked.
I'm sure she hasn't even
drunk a drop of water.
Mom…
Oh, my goodness. My mom looks all haggard.
I feel so bad for my dad too.
Can't we just go outside?
Didn't you hear the ANSP guy?
They'll shoot at us!
Dream on.
We all know the doctor is a Northern spy.
They won't let us go.
Then we shouldn't trust
they're going to let us live?
Oh, poor Hye-ryeong.
You've been believing them all this time?
Look, in this situation, we can't
trust the ANSP agent or the spies.
They just want to save their skin.
Who knows? They might be not letting us go
to use us as shields.
What do we do?
Look at that.
Oh, no.
…if I think about the communists
who did those horrible things,
I feel so furious
that I feel like I'm going to die.
Fellow citizens, we must become stronger.
We need to become stronger
for the communists
to not even think about coming to hurt us.
You picked the right person.
Did you have her rehearse it?
She caught on quickly,
so it wasn't difficult.
Even in this desperate situation,
their anti-communism stays strong,
and it's moving to see.
In order not to let any Northern spy
or pro-Communist set foot in our country,
all of the citizens must cooperate.
Yes, they must cooperate.
I feel like I can hear
the approval rating going up.
Oh, right.
Have you found the recording?
Gal is such a tenacious bastard,
so he's still holding out.
But if we bring his mother
and threaten him,
what can he do? He'll talk soon.
-We need all the citizens on full alert.
-Come here.
-I'm Yoo Young-jun, MBS.
-Come on.
I'm not going to hit you. Come here.
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what you're best at.
If a worm acts like a snake
and aspires to become a dragon,
it'll end up getting hurt.
-Yes, sir.
-Good job.
We're not going to make it
without Han-na's help.
We need to bring her in first.
Fine.
But I don't think
you should tell her
Kang Cheong-ya is a Northern spy.
What do you mean?
Han-na must know that
to find out who's behind Kang.
And we need to find that out
to use it as our winning move.
If Nam Tae-il finds out
Kang is a Northern spy,
he's going to try to kill all the hostages
before we could make our winning move.
Nam Tae-il?
He's the one who sent Kang in here.
She's infiltrated that deep?
I never imagined…
Then she's a step away
from entering the Blue House.
You think you can convince Kang Cheong-ya?
Do you want to die?
How could you help
the traitor who fell for a girl--
Say what you will about Comrade Lim,
but I trust him!
He saved me during the training.
And he's the only one
who'll save me again!
You bastard.
Untie me before I beat you to death.
Untie me, you bastard!
Comrade Joo.
I don't think he can hear you yet,
so stop it.
Eliminate Taedong River 1?
Oh, no!